README.md, before:

# Minitest Bender

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/minitest-bender.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/minitest-bender)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/eugeniobruno/minitest-bender.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/eugeniobruno/minitest-bender)

My own Minitest reporter, without blackjack but with a hook.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'minitest-bender'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install minitest-bender

## Usage

Require this plugin right after Minitest:

```ruby
require 'minitest/autorun'
require 'minitest/bender'
```

That's it! The next time you run your tests, a new report format will be used instead of the default one.

## Features

Based on [minitest-colorin](https://github.com/gabynaiman/minitest-colorin/), the minitest-bender reporter offers you colored output including:

* Status, running time, name and message for each test/expectation, grouped by class/context
* Details of skips, failures and errors in three different sections, with diffs, backtraces and commands to rerun each single test
* Details of the top 3 slowest tests, if they may be relevant
* The same basic statistics of the default reporter


## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/eugeniobruno/minitest-bender. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add compatibility with minitest-reports
For example:

    MINITEST_REPORTER=BenderReporter,HtmlReporter rake test

Alternatively, require the --bender option to be enabled.

The important change of behavior is that installing the gem
is no longer enough to select it as the reporter, but this
plays better with other reporters.

README.md, after:

# Minitest Bender

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/minitest-bender.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/minitest-bender)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/eugeniobruno/minitest-bender.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/eugeniobruno/minitest-bender)

My own Minitest reporter, without blackjack but with a hook.

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'minitest-bender'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install minitest-bender

## Usage

Require this plugin right after Minitest:

```ruby
require 'minitest/autorun'
require 'minitest/bender'
Minitest::Bender.enable!
```

That's it! The next time you run your tests, a new report format will be used instead of the default one.

Instead of `Minitest::Bender.enable!`, you can also specify the `--bender` test option, e.g.

    $ rake test TESTOPTS=--bender

If you already have [minitest-reporters](https://github.com/kern/minitest-reporters) installed and activated, you can select the `BenderReporter` as (one of the) reporters:

    $ MINITEST_REPORTER=BenderReporter,HtmlReporter rake test


## Features

Based on [minitest-colorin](https://github.com/gabynaiman/minitest-colorin/), the minitest-bender reporter offers you colored output including:

* Status, running time, name and message for each test/expectation, grouped by class/context
* Details of skips, failures and errors in three different sections, with diffs, backtraces and commands to rerun each single test
* Details of the top 3 slowest tests, if they may be relevant
* The same basic statistics of the default reporter


## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/eugeniobruno/minitest-bender. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
